docs: update contributing guide and add changelog to follow the template guide (#1963)
canonical/repo-policy-compliance: CONTRIBUTING.md

  us at [Canonical Matrix public channel](https://matrix.to/#/#charmhub-charmdev:ubuntu.com)
  or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).
- Familiarizing yourself with the [Juju documentation](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/howto/manage-charms/)
  will help you a lot when working on new features or bug fixes.
- All enhancements require review before being merged. Code review typically examines
  - code quality
  - test coverage
  - user experience for Juju operators of this charm.
- Once your pull request is approved, we squash and merge your pull request branch onto
  the `main` branch. This creates a linear Git commit history.
- For further information on contributing, please refer to our
  [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/canonical/is-charms-contributing-guide).

## Code of conduct

When contributing, you must abide by the
[Ubuntu Code of Conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/ethos/code-of-conduct).

## Releases and versions

This project uses [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).

Please ensure that any new feature, fix, or significant change is documented by

> adding an entry to the [CHANGELOG.md](link-to-changelog) file.

Reviewer: Would adding a changelog in this PR make sense?

To learn more about changelog best practices, visit [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/).

## Submissions

If you want to address an issue or a bug in this project,
notify in advance the people involved to avoid confusion;
also, reference the issue or bug number when you submit the changes.

- [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks)
  our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/canonical/repo-policy-compliance)
  and add the changes to your fork, properly structuring your commits,

>   providing detailed commit messages and signing your commits.

Reviewer: @erinecon should we encourage users to use [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)?

Reviewer 2: Thanks for checking! For now I don't think so, but eventually we may want to introduce this standard into our contributing guidelines

  [pull request (PR)](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

Your changes will be reviewed in due time; if approved, they will be eventually merged.

### Describing pull requests

To be properly considered, reviewed and merged,
your pull request must provide the following details:

- **Title**: Summarize the change in a short, descriptive title.

- **Overview**: Describe the problem that your pull request solves.
  Mention any new features, bug fixes or refactoring.

- **Rationale**: Explain why the change is needed.

- **Juju Events Changes**: Describe any changes made to Juju events, or
  "None" if the pull request does not change any Juju events.

- **Module Changes**: Describe any changes made to the module, or "None"
  if your pull request does not change the module.

- **Library Changes**: Describe any changes made to the library,
  or "None" is the library is not affected.

- **Checklist**: Complete the following items:

  - The [charm style guide](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/reference/charm/charm-development-best-practices/) was applied

>   - The [contributing guide](https://github.com/canonical/is-charms-contributing-guide) was applied

Reviewer 2: Thanks for asking! No, this line is correct. https://github.com/canonical/is-charms-contributing-guide is a separate contributing guide that's listed in our PR checklist template

  - The changes are compliant with [ISD054 - Managing Charm Complexity](https://discourse.charmhub.io/t/specification-isd014-managing-charm-complexity/11619)
  - The documentation is updated
  - The PR is tagged with appropriate label (trivial, senior-review-required)
  - The changelog has been updated

### Signing commits

To improve contribution tracking,
we use the [Canonical contributor license agreement](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/ff2478d1-Canonical-HA-CLA-ANY-I_v1.2.pdf)
(CLA) as a legal sign-off, and we require all commits to have verified signatures.

#### Canonical contributor agreement

> Canonical welcomes contributions to the Discourse charm. Please check out our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canonical welcomes contributions to the repo-policy-compliance charm. Please check out our
```

[development setup](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/user/howto/manage-your-deployment/manage-your-deployment-environment/).

The code for this charm can be downloaded as follows:

```
git clone https://github.com/canonical/repo-policy-compliance.git
```

You can create an environment for development with `python3-venv`.
We will also install `tox` inside the virtual environment for testing:

```bash
sudo apt install python3-venv
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install tox
```

### Test

This project uses `tox` for managing test environments. There are some pre-configured environments
that can be used for linting and formatting code when you're preparing contributions to the charm:

* ``tox``: Executes all of the basic checks and tests (``lint``, ``unit``, ``static``, and ``coverage-report``).
* ``tox -e fmt``: Runs formatting using ``black`` and ``isort``.
* ``tox -e lint``: Runs a range of static code analysis to check the code.
* ``tox -e static``: Runs other checks such as ``bandit`` for security issues.

### Build the rock and charm

Use [Rockcraft](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/rockcraft/en/latest/) to create an

> OCI image for the <charm-name> app, and then upload the image to a MicroK8s registry,

Author: Thank you for spotting this! Would it be better to have it as `repo-policy-compliance` or repo-policy-compliance? Currently I changed `<charm-name>` to the latter in other parts, but if the former is better I can standardize the others as well :)

> OCI image for the <charm-name> app, and then upload the image to a MicroK8s registry,

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to use code-formatting (meaning `` `repo-policy-compliance` ``), since I think "repo" is not considered a word and will make Vale unhappy when we turn on the spelling checks in our workflows :)

which stores OCI archives so they can be downloaded and deployed.

Enable the MicroK8s registry:

```bash
microk8s enable registry
```

The following commands pack the OCI image and push it into
the MicroK8s registry:

```bash
cd <project_dir>
rockcraft pack

> skopeo --insecure-policy copy --dest-tls-verify=false oci-archive:<rock-name>.rock docker://localhost:32000/<app-name>:latest

Author: Also for the commands listed here and under the Deploy section below, do I need to change the `<project_dir>` or `<app-name>` etc. with the actual name or should we leave it to the contributors?

Reviewer: Looks like we specified the `project_dir` in [Discourse repository](https://github.com/canonical/discourse-k8s-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md), so we should do it here too.

Reviewer 2: Ali is correct. If possible, please update `project_dir`, `<app-name>`, and `<rock-name>`. 

Probably something like
```
cd [project_dir]/repo_policy_compliance_rock
rockcraft pack
skopeo --insecure-policy copy --dest-tls-verify=false oci-archive:repo_policy_compliance_1.0_amd64.rock docker://localhost:32000/repo-policy-compliance:latest
```

But please double check that these lines are correct :)

Author: Alright modified! @alithethird @erinecon please help check if the new commands are right. Seems to me that this whole repo is the rock itself (because the `rockcraft.yaml` is in the root directory)
